Add the auth-service Service (#635)
owncloud/docs-ocis: modules/ROOT/pages/deployment/services/s-list/auth-machine.adoc

* Auth Machine listens on port 9166 by default.

include::partial$deployment/services/auth-service-family.adoc[]

== User Impersonation

> When one ocis service is trying to talk to other ocis services, it needs to authenticate itself. To do so, it will impersonate a user using the `auth-machine` service. It will then act on behalf of this user. Any action will show up as action of this specific user, which gets visible when e.g. logged in the audit log.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When one Infinite Scale service is trying to talk to other Infinite Scale services, it needs to authenticate itself. To do so, it will impersonate a user using the `auth-machine` service. It will then act on behalf of this user. Any action will show up as action of this specific user, which gets visible when e.g. logged in to the audit log.
```
